Chapter 4: Reincarnational
第四章: 转世 
Your own environment includes far more than you may have supposed. 
你自己所处的环境比你想象的要多得多。 
Earlier I referred to your environment in terms of the daily physical existence and surroundings with which you are currently connected. 
前面我提到你所处的环境，是指与你当前相关的日常物质存在与周围环境。 
In actuality, you are aware of very little of your larger, more extensive environment. 
在现实中，你对自己所处的更大、更广阔的环境知之甚少。 
Consider your present self as an actor in a play. Hardly a new analogy, but a suitable one. 
把你现在的自己想象成一个戏里的演员。这几乎不是一个新的类比，而是一个合适的类比。 
The scene is set in the 20th century. You create the props, the settings, the themes. In fact, you write, produce, and act in the entire production—you and every other individual who takes part. 
故事背景设定在20世纪。你创造了道具、布景和主题。事实上，你在整部作品中写作、制作并表演——你和其他所有参与其中的人。 
You are so focused in your roles, so intrigued by the realities that you have created, so entranced by the problems, challenges, hopes, and sorrows of your particular roles that you have forgotten they are of your own creation. 
然而，你是如此专注于自己的角色，如此沉浸于自己创造的现实，如此着迷于特定角色带来的问题、挑战、希望与悲伤，以至于你忘记了它们都是你自己创造的。 
This intensely moving drama, with all its joys and tragedies, can be compared with your present life—your present environment—both individually and in mass. 
这部感人至深的戏剧，伴随着它所有的欢乐与悲剧，可以与你现在的生活——你现在的环境——相提并论，无论是个人还是集体层面。 
But there are other plays going on simultaneously in which you also have a part to play. These have their own scenery, their own props. They take place in different periods of time. 
但同时还有其他戏剧在上演，你也在其中扮演角色。它们有各自的风景、有各自的道具。它们发生在不同的时间段。 
One may be called life in the 12th century AD, another life in the 18th century, or in 500 BC, or in AD 3000. 
其中一个可以被称为公元12世纪的生活，另一个可以被称为18世纪的生活，或者是公元前500年，或者是公元3000年。 
You also create these plays and act in them. These settings also represent your environment—the environment that surrounds your entire personality. 
你也创作了这些戏剧，并在其中表演。这些设置也代表了你所处的环境——围绕你整个人格的环境。 
I am speaking of the portion of you who is taking part in this particular period piece. And that particular portion of your entire personality is so focused within this drama that you are not aware of the others in which you also play a role. You do not understand your own multidimensional reality. 
我说的是你内在中参与这个特定时期的一部分。而你整个人格中的那一部分在这部戏剧中如此专注，以至于你没有意识到你在其他戏剧中也扮演着角色。你不了解自己多维的现实。 
Therefore, it may seem strange or unbelievable when I tell you that you lived many existences at once. It is difficult for you to imagine being in two places at once—much less in two or more times or centuries. Now, stated simply: 
因此，当我告诉你你曾经同时存在于许多生命之中时，这也许显得奇怪或难以置信。你很难想象自己会同时出现在两个地方——更不用说在两个或更多的时代或世纪中。现在，简单地说： 
Time is not a series of moments. The words that you speak and the acts that you perform appear to take place in time, as a chair or a table appears to take up space. These appearances, however, are part of the complicated props that you have set up beforehand, and within the play you must accept these as real. 
时间并不是一连串的瞬间。你说的话与所做的事似乎发生在时间之中，正如椅子或桌子似乎占据空间一样。然而，这些都只是你事先设置的复杂道具的一部分，而在戏剧之中你必须将它们视为真实。 
4:00 in the afternoon is a very handy reference. You can say to a friend, “I will meet you at 4:00 at the corner,” or at a restaurant for a drink or a chat or a meal, and your friend will know precisely where and when he will find you. 
下午四点是一个非常方便的参考。你可以对朋友说：“我四点在街角等你”，或者约在餐馆喝一杯、聊聊天、吃顿饭，你的朋友就会准确地知道何时何地能找到你。 
This will happen despite the fact that 4:00 in the afternoon 
has no basic meaning. 
尽管下午4点没有基本意义，但这种情况还是会发生。 
But it is an agreed upon designation. 
但这是一个一致同意的名称。 
A gentleman's agreement if you prefer. 
如果你愿意，可以达成君子协定。 
If you attend the theatre at 9:00 in the evening, but the actions of the play take place within the morning hours and the actors are shown eating breakfast, you accept the time as given within the play. You also pretend that it is morning. 
如果你在晚上九点看戏，而戏中的情节发生在早晨、演员正在吃早餐，你也会接受剧中给定的时间，并且假装现在是早晨。 
Each of you are now involved in a much larger production in which you all agree on certain basic assumptions that serve as a framework within which the play can occur. 
你们每个人现在都参与了一场更大的“制作”，你们都同意一些基本的假设，这些假设构成了戏剧发生的框架。 
The assumptions are that time is a series of moments, one 
after another. 
假设是时间是一连串的瞬间，一个接一个。 
That an objective world exists quite independently of your 
own creation and perception of it. 
客观世界的存在完全独立于你自己的创造和对它的感知。 
That you are bound within the physical bodies that you have 
donned. 
你被束缚在你所穿的身体里。 
And that you were limited by time and space. 
你受到了时间和空间的限制。 
Other assumptions accepted for the same reason. 
出于同样的原因，其他假设也被接受。 
Include the idea that all perception comes through the 
physical senses. 
包括所有感知都来自物理感官的观点。 
In other words, that all information comes from without. 
换句话说，所有的信息都来自外部。 
And that no information can come from within. 
而且任何信息都不能来自内部。 
You therefore are forced to focus intensely upon the actions 
of the play. 
因此，你不得不全神贯注于戏剧的动作。 
Now, these various plays—these creative period pieces—represent what you would call reincarnational lives, and they all exist basically at one time. 
现在，这些不同的戏剧——这些创造性的“时期剧”——代表了你所说的转世生命，而且它们基本上是同时存在的。 
Those who are still involved in these highly complicated, fashioned plays—sometimes called reincarnational existences—find it difficult to see beyond them. 
那些仍旧深深卷入这些高度复杂、精心编排的“戏剧”（也被称作转世存在）的人，往往很难看清它们之外的景象。 
Some, resting between productions as it were, try to communicate with those who are still taking part; but they themselves are merely in the wings, so to speak, and can only see so far. 
有些人可以说是在两部“作品”之间休息，试图与仍在参与的人沟通；但他们自己也仿佛只是在幕后，因此所见亦十分有限。 
The plays seem to be taking place one after the other, and so these communications seem to intensify the false idea that time is a series of moments. 
这些戏似乎一个接一个地上演，因此这些沟通反而强化了一个错误观念：时间是一连串的瞬间。 
Passing in a single line from some inconceivable beginning to 
some equally inconceivable end. 
从一个不可思议的开始到另一个同样不可思议的结束，以一字之差。 
This leads you to think in terms of very limited progress. 
这导致你认为进步非常有限。 
Both in individual terms. 
两者都是从个人角度来说。 
And in terms of your species as a whole? 
就你们整个物种而言呢？ 
You think? 
你觉得呢？ 
Those of you who have even considered reincarnation. 
你们中那些甚至考虑过转世的人。 
Well, certainly the race must have progressed from the time 
of the Middle Ages. 
当然，这个种族一定是从中世纪开始发展起来的。 
Although you greatly fear it has not. 
尽管你非常担心它没有。 
Where you turned to technological progress and say? 
你在哪里谈到了技术进步？ 
At least we have come a long way in that direction. 
至少我们在这个方向上已经走了很长一段路。 
You may smile and think to yourself that it is quite difficult to 
imagine a Roman senator addressing the multitudes through 
a microphone, for example. 
例如，你可能会微笑着对自己说，很难想象一个罗马参议员通过麦
克风向群众讲话。 
His children watching his performance on television. 
他的孩子们在电视上看他的表演。 
But all of this is highly misleading. 
但所有这些都具有极大的误导性。 
Progress does not exist in the terms that you consider it to. 
进步并不存在于你所认为的条件下。 
Any more than time does. 
就像时间所做的一样。 
In each play. 
在每部戏中。 
Both individually and in mass. 
无论是个人还是集体。 
Different problems are set up. 
设置了不同的问题。 
Progress can be measured in terms of the particular ways in 
which these problems were solved or not solved. 
进展可以用解决这些问题或不解决这些问题的具体方式来衡量。 
Great advances have been made in certain periods. 
在某些时期取得了重大进展。 
For example. 
举个例子。 
Great offshoots appeared. 
伟大的分支出现了。 
That from your viewpoint you might not consider progress at 
all. 
从你的角度来看，你可能根本不考虑进步。 
Now, in some plays, generally speaking, the actors are each working on a seemingly minute portion of a larger problem that the play itself is to resolve. 
一般来说，在一些戏剧中，演员各自都在处理一个看似微小、但属于整部戏需要解决的更大问题的一部分。 
Though I use the analogy here of a drama. 
虽然我在这里用戏剧做类比。 
These plays are highly spontaneous affairs in which the actors 
have full freedom within the play's framework. 
这些戏剧都是高度自发的事情，演员在戏剧框架内拥有充分的自由。 
And granting these assumptions that have been stated. 
并认可已陈述的这些假设。 
There are no rehearsals. 
没有彩排。 
There are observers, as you will see later in our book. 
正如你将在我们的书后面看到的那样，有一些观察者。 
As in any good theatre production, there is an overall theme within each play. The great artists, for example, did not emerge out of a particular time simply because they were born into it, or because the conditions were favorable. The play itself was concerned with the actualization of intuitive truth into what you would call artistic form, with creativity of such vast and sweeping results that it served to awaken latent abilities within each actor and to serve as a model of behavior. 
就像任何优秀的戏剧作品一样，每出戏都有一个整体主题。以伟大的艺术家为例：他们的出现并非仅仅因为生逢其时，或因为条件有利；而是因为这部“戏剧”本身关乎直觉真理的实现——化为你所说的艺术形式，其创造力之宏大与广博足以唤醒每位参与者的潜能，并成为行为的典范。 
Periods of renaissance. 
文艺复兴时期。 
Spiritual, artistic or psychic? 
精神的、艺术的还是心灵的？ 
Occur because the intense inner focus of those involved in 
the drama. 
因为参与戏剧的人强烈的内心关注而发生。 
Are directed towards those ends. 
都是为了达到这些目的。 
The challenge may be different in each play. 
每部戏的挑战可能都不一样。 
But the great themes are beacons to all consciousness. 
但伟大的主题是所有意识的灯塔。 
They serve as models. 
他们充当了模特。 
Progress has nothing to do with time, you see. 
你看，进步与时间无关。 
But with psychic and spiritual focus. 
但要专注于精神和精神。 
Each play is entirely different from any other. 
每出戏都与众不同。 
It is not correct, therefore, to suppose that your actions in this life are caused by a previous existence, or that you are being punished in this life for crimes in a past one. The lives are simultaneous. 
因此，把你今生的行为归因于前世，或认为你今生因前世的罪过而受罚，都是不正确的。生命是同时发生的。 
Your own multidimensional personality is so endowed that it can have these experiences and still retain its identity. It is, of course, affected by the various plays in which it takes part. 
你自己的多维人格具备这样的能力：既能拥有这些经历，又能保持其自身的同一性。当然，它也会受到它所参与的各种“戏剧”的影响。 
There is instant communication—and an instant, if you prefer, feedback system. These plays are hardly without purpose. In them the multidimensional personality learns through its own actions. It tries out an endless variety of postures, behavior patterns, and attitudes—and changes others as a result. 
它们之间存在即时的沟通——如果你愿意，可以称之为一种“瞬时”的反馈系统。这些戏剧绝非毫无目的。在这些戏剧中，多维人格通过自身的行为来学习；它尝试各种姿态、行为模式与态度，并因此改变他者。 
The word result you see. 
你看到的结果这个词。 
Automatically infers cause and effect. 
自动推断因果关系。 
The cause happening before the effect. 
起因先于结果。 
And this is simply one small example of the strength of such 
distortions. 
这只是这种扭曲强度的一个小例子。 
And of the inherent difficulties involved with verbal thought. 
以及语言思维所带来的内在困难。 
For it always implies a single line delineation. 
因为它总是暗示着一条直线的刻画。 
You are the multi dimensional self who has these existences. 
你是拥有这些存在的多维自我。 
Who creates and takes part in these cosmic passion plays, so 
to speak? 
可以说，是谁创作并参与了这些宇宙激情剧？ 
It is only because you focus in this particular role now. 
这只是因为你现在专注于这个特定的角色。 
That you identify your entire being with it. 
你把你的整个生命都与它联系在一起。 
You have set these rules for yourself for a reason. 
你为自己制定这些规则是有原因的。 
And consciousness is in a state of becoming. 
意识正处于一种形成的状态。 
And so this multidimensional self of which I speak is not a 
psychological structure, completed and done. 
因此，我所说的这个多维SUF并不是一个心理结构。它已经完成了。 
It is also in a state of becoming. 
它也是一个成为的产业。 
It is learning the art of actualization. 
它正在学习实现的艺术。 
It has within it infinite sources of creativity. 
它蕴藏着无穷的创造力。 
Unlimited possibilities of development. 
无限可能的发展。 
But it has yet to learn the means of actualization. 
但它还没有学会实现的方法。 
And must find within itself ways to bring into existence those 
untold creations that are within. 
它必须在自身中找到方法，使内在的那些数不清的创造物得以存在。 
Therefore. 
因此。 
It creates varieties of conditions in which to operate. 
它创造了各种各样的经营条件。 
And sets itself challenges. 
并给自己设定挑战。 
Some doomed to failure in your terms, at least initially. 
有些人在你看来注定要失败，至少一开始是这样。 
Because it must first create the conditions that will bring new 
creations about. 
因为它必须首先创造产生新创造的条件。 
And all of this is done with great spontaneity and unbounded. 
所有这一切都是以极大的自发性和无限性完成的。 
You therefore create far more environments than you realize. 
因此，你创造的环境比你想象的要多得多。 
Now each actor going about the role. 
现在每个演员都在扮演这个角色。 
Focused within the play. 
全神贯注于剧中。 
Has an inner guideline. 
有一个内在的指导方针。 
He is not left therefore, abandoned within a play that he has 
forgotten in his own creation. 
因此，他并没有被抛弃在一部他自己创作中忘记的戏剧中。 
He has knowledge and information that comes to him. 
他有自己的知识和信息。 
Through what I call. 
通过我所说的。 
The inner senses. 
内在感官。 
He has other sources of information, therefore, than those 
strictly given within the confines of the production. 
因此，除了在制作范围内严格提供的信息之外，他还有其他信息来
源。 
Each actor knows this instinctively. 
每个演员都本能地知道这一点。 
And there are periods set and allowed for within the play 
itself. 
戏剧本身也有设定和允许的时期。 
In which each actor retires in order to refresh himself. 
每个演员都会退休以恢复精神。 
In these he is informed through the inner senses of his other 
roles. 
在这些作品中，他通过内在感官了解到了自己的其他角色。 
And he realizes that he is far more than the self appearing in 
any given play. 
他意识到自己远不止出现在任何一部戏剧中的那个自我。 
In these periods, he understands that he had a hand in the 
writing of the play. 
在这段时间里，他明白自己参与了剧本的创作。 
And he is freed from those assumptions that bind him while 
he is actively concerned with the drama's activities. 
当他积极关注戏剧的活动时，他从那些束缚他的假设中解脱出来。 
These periods, of course, coincide with their sleep States and 
dreaming conditions. 
当然，这些时间段与他们的睡眠状态和做梦状态相吻合。 
But there are also other times when each actor sees quite 
clearly. 
但也有其他时候，每个演员都看得很清楚。 
That he is surrounded by props. 
他被道具包围了。 
And when his vision suddenly pierces the seeming reality of 
the production. 
当他的视野突然穿透了这部作品表面上的现实。 
This does not mean that the play is not real. 
这并不意味着这出戏不是真的。 
Or that it should not be taken seriously? 
还是不应该认真对待？ 
It does mean playing a role. 
这确实意味着要发挥作用。 
An important one. 
一个重要的问题。 
Each actor must of himself realize, however. 
然而，每个演员都必须意识到这一点。 
The nature of the production and his part in it. 
这部作品的性质和他在其中扮演的角色。 
He must actualize himself. 
他必须实现自己。 
Out of the three-dimensional confines of the play's setting. 
脱离了场所设置的三维限制。 
There is a great cooperation behind such momentous 
productions. 
如此重大的作品背后有很好的合作。 
And in playing his role? 
扮演他的角色呢？ 
Each actor first actualizes himself within three-dimensional reality. 
每个行动者首先在三维现实中实现自己。 
The multidimensional self cannot act within three-dimensional 
reality until it materializes a portion of itself within it. 
多维的自我不能在三维现实中行动，除非它将自己的一部分具体化。 
Within this reality, it then brings about all kinds of creativity and development that could not appear otherwise. It must then propel itself from the system, however, through another act—another actualization on the part of itself that is three-dimensional. 
在这个现实中，它由此带来了各种原本无法出现的创造与发展。然而，它随后必须通过另一种行动将自己从这个体系中推出——也就是由其三维部分进行的另一种实现。 
During its three-dimensional existence, it has helped others in 
ways that could not otherwise be helped. 
在它的三维存在期间，它以其他方式帮助了其他人。 
And it has been itself benefited and developed in ways that 
would be otherwise impossible. 
它本身也得到了好处，并以其他方式发展起来。 
Now. 
现在。 
The meaning of the play is within you, therefore. It is only the conscious portion of you that acts so well and that is focused so securely within the props of the production. The purpose of any given life is available to you: the knowledge beneath the surface of the conscious self, you know. All kinds of hints and clues are also available. You have the knowledge of your entire multidimensional personality at your fingertips—when you realize that you do. This knowledge allows you to solve the problems or meet the challenges you have set more quickly, in your terms, and also to open further areas of creativity by which the entire play or production can be enriched. 
因此，这出戏的意义在你之中。只有你那有意识的部分在“舞台道具”之内表现得如此出色并牢牢聚焦。任何特定生命的目的对你而言都是可得的：即意识表层之下的那些知识。各种提示与线索也同样存在。当你真正认知到这一点时，你对整个位于多维人格中的知识已然触手可及。借助这些知识，你能更快地解决自己设下的问题或挑战；并按照你自身的理解，开启更多创造性的领域，从而丰富整部“戏剧”或“制作”。 
To the extent, therefore. 
因此，在一定程度上。 
That you allow the intuitions and knowledge of the multi 
dimensional self. 
你允许多维自我的直觉和知识。 
To flow through the conscious self. 
流经有意识的自我。 
To that extent. 
在这个程度上。 
Not only do you perform your role in the play more 
effectively. 
你不仅能更有效地扮演剧中的角色。 
But also you add new energy, insights and creativity to the 
entire dimension. 
同时，你也为整个维度增添了新的活力、洞察力和创造力。 
Now, it seems to you, of course, that you are the only conscious part of yourself, for you are identifying with the actor in this particular production. The other portions of your multidimensional personality, in these other reincarnational plays, are also conscious, however. And because you are a multidimensional consciousness, you are also conscious in other realities besides these. Your multidimensional personality—your true identity, the real you—is conscious of itself as itself in any of these roles. 
当然，现在在你看来，你似乎是自己唯一有意识的部分，因为你正认同于这部特定“作品”中的演员。然而，你多维人格的其他部分——在那些其他的“转世戏剧”中——同样是有意识的。并且，由于你是一个多维意识，你也在这些之外的其他现实中保持着觉知。你的多维人格——你的真实身份，也就是“真正的你”——在任何一个角色中都自觉而自知。 
These period pieces, overall, have a particular purpose. By the very nature of consciousness, it seeks to materialize itself in as many dimensions as possible, to create from itself new levels of awareness—new offshoots. In doing so, it creates all reality. Reality, therefore, is always in a state of becoming. The thoughts that you think—for example, in your actor’s roles—are still completely unique and lead to new creativity. Certain aspects of your own consciousness could be fulfilled in no other way. 
总体而言，这些“时期剧”自有其特定目的。由于意识的本性，它力图在尽可能多的维度中实现自身，从而由自身衍生出新的觉知层次与新的分支。正因如此，它创造了所有的现实。因而，现实总是处于“生成之中”。你在演员角色中所思所想依然独特无二，并引发新的创造力；你自身意识的某些面向，唯有以这种方式方可得以实现。 
When you think of reincarnation, you suppose a series of progressions. Instead, the various lives grow out of what your inner self is. 
当你想到转世时，你往往以为那是一连串的“进步”。相反，种种人生其实源自于你内在自我的本然。 
They are not thrust upon you by some outside agency. 
它们不是由外部机构强加给你的。 
They are a material development. 
它们是物质上的发展。 
As your consciousness opens up and expresses itself in as 
many ways as possible. 
当你的意识打开并以尽可能多的方式表达自己。 
It is not restricted to any one three-dimensional lifetime, nor is it 
restricted to three-dimensional existence alone. 
它不局限于1/3维的寿命，也不局限于三维的存在。 
Your consciousness then takes many forms. 
然后，你的意识就会有多种形式。 
And these forms need not be alike anymore, say, than a 
Caterpillar is like a butterfly. 
这些形态不必再相似，就像毛毛虫不再像蝴蝶一样。 
The soul or entity has complete freedom of expression. 
灵魂或实体有完全的表达自由。 
It changes its form to suit its expression. 
它改变了形式以适应其表达方式。 
And it forms environments like stage settings. 
它形成了像舞台布景这样的环境。 
And worlds to suit his purposes. 
以及符合他目的的世界。 
Each setting brings forth new developments. 
每一个场景都会带来新的发展。 
The soul or entity is highly individualized spiritual energy. 
灵魂或实体是高度个性化的精神能量。 
It forms whatever body you now wear. 
无论你现在穿什么，它都会形成你的身体。 
And is the mode of power behind your physical survival. 
这就是你物质生存背后的力量模式。 
For from it. 
因为从它那里。 
Derive your vitality. 
激发你的活力。 
Consciousness can never be still. 
意识永远不可能静止。 
But seeks further creativity. 
但要寻求更多的创造力。 
The soul therefore or entity. 
因此，灵魂或实体。 
Endows three-dimensional reality. 
恩沃的三维现实。 
And the three-dimensional self with its own properties. 
以及具有自身属性的三维自我。 
The abilities of the entity lie within the three-dimensional self. 
实体的能力存在于三维自我之中。 
The three-dimensional self. 
三维的自我。 
The actor. 
那个演员。 
Has access to this information and to these potentials. 
能接触到这些信息和潜力。 
In learning to use these potentials. 
在学习如何利用这些潜力。 
And learning to rediscover its relationship with the entity. 
并学习重新发现它与实体的关系。 
The three-dimensional self raises still further the level of 
achievement comprehension. 
三维自我进一步提高了对成就的理解水平。 
And creativity. 
还有创造力。 
The three-dimensional self becomes more than it knows. 
三维自我变得比它所知道的更多。 
Not only is the entity strengthened. 
不仅实体得到了加强。 
But portions of it. 
但其中的一部分。 
Having been actualized and three-dimensional existence. 
已经实现了和三维的存在。 
Now add to the buried quality and nature of that existence. 
现在再加上这种存在被埋没的品质和性质。 
Without this creativity. 
没有这种创造力。 
Planetary life in near terms would always be sterile. 
从短期来看，行星生命总是贫瘠的。 
The sole entity. 
唯一的实体。 
Then gives breath. 
然后呼出一口气。 
To the body. 
对身体而言。 
And to the three-dimensional self within it. 
以及其中的三维自我。 
The three-dimensional self then goes about its purposes of 
opening up new areas of creativity. 
然后，三维自我开始其开辟新的创造力领域的目的。 
Entities or souls in other words. 
换句话说，就是实体或灵魂。 
Send out portions of themselves. 
把自己的一部分发出去。 
To open up avenues of reality that would not exist otherwise. 
开辟现实的道路，否则就不会存在。 
The three-dimensional selves in existing within these realities. 
存在于这些现实中的三维自我。 
Must focus their attention there completely. 
必须把他们的注意力完全集中在那里。 
An inner awareness gives them a source of energy and 
strength. 
内在觉知给了他们能量和力量的源泉。 
They must, however. 
然而，他们必须这样做。 
Come to understand their roles as actors. 
开始理解他们作为演员的角色。 
Finally. 
最后。 
From their roles. 
从他们的角色中。 
And through another act of comprehension. 
通过另一种理解的行为。 
Returned to the entity. 
返回到实体。 
There are those who appear within these plays fully aware. 
有些人在这些戏剧中表现得很清楚。 
These personalities willingly take roles. 
这些人心甘情愿地扮演角色。 
Knowing that they are rules. 
知道它们就是规则。 
In order to lead the others toward the necessary realization 
and development. 
为了引导其他人走向必要的实现和发展。 
They lead the actors to see beyond themselves in settings 
they have created. 
他们引导演员在自己创造的场景中超越自我。 
These personalities from other levels of existence oversee the 
play, so to speak. 
可以说，这些来自其他存在层面的人物监督着这出戏。 
And appear among the actors. 
并出现在演员中间。 
Their purpose is to open up within the three-dimensional 
selves those psychological doorways. 
它们的目的是在三维细胞中打开心理入口。 
That will release the three-dimensional self for further 
development. 
这将释放三维自我，以进一步发展。 
In another system of reality. 
在另一个现实系统中。 
Now you are learning to be Co creators. 
现在你们正在学习成为共同创造者。 
You are learning to be gods as you now understand the term. 
你正在学习成为神，因为你现在理解了这个术语。 
You are learning responsibility. 
你正在学习责任。 
The responsibility of any individualized consciousness. 
任何个体化意识的责任。 
You are learning to handle the energy that is yourself. 
你正在学习如何控制自己的能量。 
For creative purposes. 
出于创作目的。 
You will be bound to those you love and those you hate. 
你会被你爱的人和你恨的人所束缚。 
Though you will learn to release. 
虽然你会学会释放。 
And lose and dissipate the hatred. 
然后丢掉仇恨，驱散仇恨。 
You will learn to use even hatred creatively. 
你将学会创造性地使用仇恨。 
And to turn it to the higher ends. 
并将其转向更高的目的。 
To transform it finally into love. 
最终将它转化为爱。 
I will make this clearer in later chapters. 
我将在后面的章节中更清楚地说明这一点。 
The settings in your physical environment. 
你的物理环境中的设置。 
Sometimes lovely paraphernal. 
有时是可爱的随身物品。 
The physical aspects of life as you know it. 
你所知道的生活的物理方面。 
Are all camouflages? 
都是伪装吗？ 
And so I call your physical reality a camouflage. 
所以我把你的身体现实称为伪装。 
Yet these camouflages are composed of the vitality of the 
universe. 
然而，这些伪装是由宇宙的活力组成的。 
The rocks and stones and mountains and Earth are living 
camouflage. 
岩石、石头、山脉和泥土都是活生生的伪装。 
Interlocking psychic webs formed by minute consciousnesses 
that you cannot perceive as such. 
由你无法感知的微小意识形成的环环相扣的精神网。 
The atoms and molecules within them have their own 
consciousness. 
它们内部的原子和分子都有自己的意识。 
As do the atoms and molecules within your body. 
你体内的原子和分子也是如此。 
Since you all have a hand in forming this physical setting. 
因为你们都参与了这个物理环境的形成。 
And since you are ensconced yourself in a physical form. 
既然你把自己安顿在一个物质形态中。 
Then, using the physical senses, you will only perceive this 
fantastic setting. 
然后，通过物理感官，你只能感知到这个奇妙的场景。 
The reality that exists both within it and beyond it will elude 
you. 
存在于它内部和外部的现实将与你无缘。 
Even the actor is not entirely three-dimensional, however. 
然而，即使是演员也不完全是三维的。 
He is a part of a multi dimensional self. 
他是多维自我的一部分。 
Within him. 
在他的内心。 
There are methods of perception. 
感知是有方法的。 
That allow him to see through the camouflage settings. 
这让他能看穿伪装的场景。 
To see beyond the stage. 
看到舞台之外的东西。 
He uses these inner senses constantly. 
他经常使用这些内在感官。 
Though the actor part of himself is so intent upon the play 
that this escapes him. 
虽然他自己的演员角色是如此专注于戏剧，以至于他没有注意到这
一点。 
In a large manner. 
在很大程度上。 
The physical senses actually form the physical reality they 
seem to only perceive. 
物理感官实际上形成了它们似乎只能感知的物理现实。 
They are themselves part of the camouflage. 
它们本身就是伪装的一部分。 
But they are like lenses over your natural inner perceptions 
that force you to see. 
但它们就像透镜，遮蔽了你自然的内在感知，迫使你去看。 
And an available field of activity as physical matter. 
以及作为物理物质的可用活动领域。 
And so they can be relied upon only to tell you what is 
happening in a superficial manner. 
因此，它们只能以肤浅的方式告诉你正在发生什么。 
You can tell the position of the other actors for example. 
例如，你可以判断其他演员的位置。 
Or time by clock. 
或者一个时间一个时间。 
But these physical senses will not tell you that time is itself an 
illusion. 
但这些物理感官不会告诉你时间本身就是一种幻觉。 
Or that consciousness forms the other actors. 
或者意识形成了其他行为者。 
But that realities that you cannot see exist over and beyond 
the physical matter that is so apparent. 
但是你看不到的现实存在于如此明显的物质之外。 
You can however. 
然而，你可以。 
Using your inner senses. 
运用你的内在感官。 
Perceived reality as it exists apart from the play and your role 
in it. 
脱离戏剧和你在其中的角色，感知现实的存在。 
In order to do this, you must of course, momentarily at least, 
turn your attention away from the constant activity that is 
taking place. 
当然，为了做到这一点，你必须至少暂时将注意力从正在发生的持
续活动上转移开。 
Turn off the physical senses, as it were. 
可以说是关闭了物理感官。 
And switch your attention to those events that have escaped 
you earlier. 
把你的注意力转移到那些你之前没有注意到的事情上。 
Highly simplified indeed. 
确实高度简化了。 
The effect would be something like changing one set of 
glasses for another. 
这样的效果就像是换了一副眼镜。 
For the physical senses are as artificial, basically speaking to 
the inner self. 
因为物质感官也是人造的，基本上是对内在自我说话。 
As a set of glasses or a hearing aid is to the physical self. 
就像一副眼镜或一个助听器之于身体的自我。 
The inner senses, therefore, are but rarely used. 
因此，人们很少使用内在感官。 
Consciously. 
有意识地。 
He would be more than disoriented, for example. 
例如，他将不仅仅是迷失方向。 
But quite terrified. 
但很害怕。 
If between one moment and the next, your familiar 
environment as you knew it disappeared. 
如果在这一刻到下一刻之间，你熟悉的环境就像你知道的那样消失
了。 
To be replaced by other sets of data that you were not ready 
to understand. 
取而代之的是你还没有准备好理解的其他数据集。 
So much information from the inner senses must be 
translated in terms that you can comprehend. 
如此多来自内在感官的信息必须用你能理解的术语来翻译。 
Such information must somehow make sense to you as 3 
dimensional selves, in other words. 
换句话说，这些信息对你来说必须是三维自我。 
Your particular set of camouflages is not the only set you see. 
你看到的不是唯一一套迷彩服。 
Other realities have entirely different systems. 
其他现实则有完全不同的体系。 
But all personalities have inner senses that are attributes of 
consciousness. 
但是所有的人格都有内在感官，这是意识的属性。 
And through these inner senses, communications are 
maintained about which the normally conscious self knows 
little. 
通过这些内在感官，保持着正常意识的自我知之甚少的交流。 
Part of my purpose is to make some of these communications 
known. 
我的部分目的是让人们知道其中的一些信息。 
The soul or entity, then, 
而所谓“灵魂”或“实体”， 
Is not the self that reads this book. 
不是读这本书的那个自己。 
Your environment is not simply the world about you as you 
know it. 
你的环境不仅仅是你所知道的那个世界。 
But also consists of past life environments upon which you 
are not now focusing. 
但也包括你现在没有关注的前世环境。 
Your real environment is composed of your thoughts and 
emotions. 
你的真实环境是由你的想法和情绪组成的。 
For from these you form not only this reality. 
因为你不仅从这些中形成了这一现实。 
But each reality in which you take part. 
但你参与的每一个现实。 
Your real environment is innocent of space and time as you 
know them. 
你的真实环境没有你所知道的空间和时间。 
In your real environment, you have no need for work. 
在你的现实环境中，你不需要工作。 
For communication is instantaneous. 
因为交流是即时的。 
In your real environment. 
在你的真实环境中。 
You form the physical world that you know. 
你构成了你所知道的物质世界。 
The inner senses will allow you to perceive the reality that is 
independent of physical form. 
内在感官会让你感知到独立于物质形态的现实。 
I will ask you all to momentarily forsake your roles therefore. 
因此，我想请你们暂时放弃自己的角色。 
And try this simple exercise. 
试试这个简单的练习。 
Now. 
现在。 
Pretend that you were on a lighted stage. 
假装你在一个灯光明亮的舞台上。 
The stage being the room in which you now sit. 
舞台就是你现在所坐的房间。 
Close your eyes. 
闭上眼睛。 
And pretend that the lights have gone out. 
假装灯已经熄灭了。 
The setting has disappeared. 
该设置已消失。 
You were alone. 
你孤身一人。 
Everything is dark. 
一切都是黑暗的。 
Be quiet. 
安静点。 
Empty clear from your mind all thoughts and worries. 
一张地图清晰地从你的脑海中浮现，所有的想法和忧虑。 
Be receptive. 
要乐于接受。 
Very gently. 
非常温柔。 
Listen. 
听着。 
Not the physical sounds. 
而不是物理声音。 
But the sounds that combed through the inner senses. 
而是梳理内在感官的声音。 
Images may begin to appear. 
图像可能会开始出现。 
Accept them as sights quite as valid as those you see 
physically. 
把它们当作和你身体上看到的一样有效的景象来接受吧。 
Pretend that there is an inner world. 
假装有一个内心世界。 
And that it will be revealed to you as you learn to perceive it. 
当你学会感知它时，它会向你揭示。 
With these inner senses. 
有了这些内在感官。 
Pretend. 
假装。 
That you have been blind to this world all your life. 
你一生都对这个世界视而不见。 
And are now slowly gaining sight within it. 
现在正在慢慢地看到它的内部。 
Do not judge the whole inner world by the disjoint images 
that you may at first perceive. 
不要用你第一次看到的不相交的图像来判断整个内心世界。 
Or by the sounds that you may at first hear. 
或者通过你最初听到的声音。 
For you will still be using your inner senses quite imperfectly. 
因为你仍然无法完美地运用你的内在感官。 
Do this simple exercise for a few moments before sleep. 
睡前做一会儿这个简单的练习。 
or in the resting state. 
都处于休息状态。 
It may also be done even in the midst of an ordinary task that 
does not take all of your attention. 
即使是在没有全神贯注的普通测试中，也可以这样做。 
You will simply be learning to focus in a new dimension of 
awareness. 
你只是在学习专注于一个新的觉知维度。 
Taking quick snapshots, as it were. 
可以说是在快速拍摄快照。 
In a strange environment. 
在一个陌生的环境里。 
Remember that you will only be perceiving glimpses. 
记住，你只会看到一些片段。 
Simply accept them. 
简单地接受它们。 
But do not attempt to make any overall judgments or 
interpretations at this state. 
但不要试图在这种状态下做出任何全面的判断或解释。 
10 minutes a day to begin with is quite sufficient. 
一开始每天10分钟就足够了。 
Now the information in this book. 
现在是这本书里的信息。 
Is being directed to some extent through the inner senses of 
the woman who is in a trance as I write it. 
在某种程度上是通过我写作时处于恍惚状态的女人的内在感官来引
导的。 
Such endeavour is the result of highly organised inner 
precision and of training. 
这种努力是高度有条理的内在精准度和训练的结果。 
Robert could not receive the information from me. 
罗伯特无法从我这里得到信息。 
It cannot be translated. 
它不能被翻译。 
Nor interpreted while she was focused intensely in the 
physical environment. 
当她全神贯注于物质环境时，也不会被解读。 
So the inner senses are channels that provide communication 
between various dimensions of existence. 
因此，异度空间是在不同维度的存在之间提供沟通的通道。 
Yet even here the information must be distorted to some 
extent. 
然而，即使在这里，信息也必须在一定程度上被歪曲。 
As it is translated into physical terms. 
因为它被翻译成物理术语。 
Otherwise, it would not be perceived at all. 
否则，它根本不会被察觉。 
I have spent some time emphasizing the fact.
我花了一些时间来强调这个事实。
That each of us forms our own environments.
我们每个人都形成了自己的环境。
Because I want you to realize that the responsibility for your life.
因为我想让你意识到，对自己生命的责任。
And your environment.
还有你所处的环境。
Is your own.
是你自己的。
If you believe otherwise.
如果你不这么认为。
Then you are limited.
那你就受限了。
Your environment then represents the sum total of knowledge and experience.
你所处的环境代表了知识和经验的总和。
As long as you believe your environment to be objective and independent of yourself.
只要你相信你的环境是客观的，独立于你自己。
Then to a large extent, you feel powerless to change it.
然后在很大程度上，你会觉得无力改变它。
To see beyond it.
去超越它。
For to imagine other alternatives that may be less apparent.
想象其他可能不那么明显的替代方案。
Later in the book I will explain various methods that will allow you to change your environment.
在本书的后面，我将解释各种可以让你改变环境的方法。
Beneficially and drastically.
受益匪浅。
I have also discussed reincarnation in terms of environment.
我也从环境的角度讨论过转世。
Because many schools of thought over emphasized.
因为很多学派都过分强调了。
The effects of reincarnational existences.
转世存在的影响。
So that often they explain present life cir***stances.
所以他们经常解释现在的生活环境。
As a result of rigid and uncompromising patterns determined in a quote UN quote past life.
这是联合国引用前世的一句话所确定的僵化和不妥协模式的结果。
You will feel relatively incompetent to handle present physical reality.
你会觉得自己没有能力处理当前的物理现实。
To alter your environment.
改变你的生活环境。
To effect and change your world.
来影响和改变你的世界。
If you feel that you are at the mercy of conditions over which you have no control.
如果你觉得自己受你无法控制的条件的支配。
The reasons given for such subjugations matter little in the long run.
从长远来看，给出这种征服的理由并不重要。
For the reasons changed with times and with your culture.
原因随着时代和文化的变化而改变。
You are not under a sentence placed upon you for original sin.
你不会因为原罪而被判刑。
By any childhood events or by past life experience.
任何童年事件或过去的生活经历。
Your light, for example, may be far less fulfilling than you think you would prefer.
例如，你的光芒可能远没有你想象中的那么令人满足。
You may be less when you would be more.
当你变得更多时，你可能会变得更少。
But you are not under a pall placed upon your psyche.
但你的心灵并没有蒙上一层阴影。
Either by original sin.
要么是原罪。
Freud's infancy syndromes or past life influences.
弗洛伊德的婴儿期综合症或前世影响。
I will try to explain the past life influences a bit more clearly here.
在这里，我将试图更清楚地解释过去生活的影响。
They affect you as any experience does.
它们会像任何经历一样影响你。
Time is not closed, however.
然而，时间并没有结束。
It is open.
它是开放的。
One life is not buried in the past, disconnected from the present self and any future self as well.
一个生命不会被埋葬在过去，也不会与现在的自己和未来的自己脱节。
As I explained earlier.
正如我之前所解释的。
The lives or the plays are happening at once.
生活或戏剧正在同时发生。
Creativity and consciousness.
创造力和意识。
Are never linear achievements.
从来都不是线性成就。
In each life you choose and create your own settings or environments.
在每一种生活中，你都会选择并创造自己的环境。
And in this one, you chose your parents and whatever childhood incidences that came within your experience.
在这个故事中，你选择了你的父母和你经历过的任何童年事件。
You wrote the script.
剧本是你写的。
Like a true absent minded professor.
就像一个真正心不在焉的教授。
The conscious self forgets all this, however.
然而，有意识的自我忘记了这一切。
So when tragedy appears in the script.
所以当悲剧出现在剧本中时。
Difficulty or challenges?
困难还是挑战？
The conscious self looks for someone or something to blame.
有意识的自我会寻找可以责备的人或事。
Before this book is done.
在这本书完成之前。
I hope to show you precisely how you create each minute of your experience.
我希望向你展示你是如何创造每一分钟的经历的。
So that you can begin to exert your true creative responsibility on a conscious level.
这样你就可以开始在有意识的层面上发挥你真正的创造性责任。
Or nearly so.
或者差不多吧。
As you read this book.
当你读这本书的时候。
Now and then.
时不时地。
Look about you, at the room in which you sit.
看看你的周围，看看你坐的房间。
Chairs and tables, the ceilings and the floor.
椅子、桌子、天花板和地板。
May seem very real and solid.
可能看起来非常真实和可靠。
Quite permanent.
相当永久性。
Follow you, by contrast, may feel yourself to be highly vulnerable.
相比之下，追随你的人可能会觉得自己非常脆弱。
Caught in a moment between birth and extinction.
夹在诞生和灭绝之间的瞬间。
You may even feel jealous when you think of it.
当你想到它的时候，你甚至会感到嫉妒。
Imagining that the physical universe will continue to.
想象物质宇宙会继续存在下去。
To exist long after you were gone.
在你离开后很久还能存在。
By the end of our book, however.
然而，在我们的书的结尾。
I hope you will realize the eternal validity of your own consciousness.
我希望你能意识到自己的意识是永恒有效的。
And the impermanence.
还有无常。
Of those physical aspects of your environment.
你所处环境的那些物理方面。
And of your universe.
还有你们的宇宙。
That now seems so secure.
现在看来，这似乎是安全的。